hi YouTube people so I'm recording this
video with my actual little camera so
yay this is going to be like my perler
beads collection so far because I don't
have too many first as this little
flower then I have this like heart key
and it's a blue heart with like a shine
and there's a little key part then I
have this girl with pink hair
that's her eye and then obviously the
pink hair I have a little watermelon
piece here I have an ice-cream cone with
the cherry on top
here I have a little girl from invader
zim here have a rainbow cursor like a
computer cursor and I got the idea from
cellular mango homemade a normal white
cursor with the black outline so I made
a black one with a rainbow outline just
because I kind of prefer that then I
have this rainbow popsicle cream
popsicle and I have this rainbow heart
with a keyhole like the black part is
the where the key does
then I have this rainbow heart with like
translucent colors so maybe they like
blend in really well um then I have this
little dinosaur then I have this black
and pink Bowl round if I have I tried to
make an eye but I mean well this is like
a red eye but I didn't have the circular
peg board yet
so I made it on the square one that's
why it looks like really square-ish but
yeah
supposed to be like an eye Sarah have
another rainbow popsicle pre impossible
thing and this one was looks like more
dull / darker colors in it um as an
orange cream popsicle
then I just open it
this little thundercloud with a little
thunder or I mean lightning so it's a
lightning cloud again so little
lightning is just like right there and
then it's got his little blush marks and
the two eyes Oh
next I have this like chemistry
container thing with like liquid and
this is just like the shine from the
light I got so yeah this could be like
chemical then I have this little flan
and it's just like a little flan with
chocolate syrup or sauce and then
whipped cream and a cherry on top
oh yeah and lastly I have cactus girl
from tokidoki because I'm really into it
and yeah she's the biggest thing I have
obviously she's given bigger than the
heart but she's got her little cactus
like home needles yes the flower she's
got her pink hair and I know you can't
see it too well but like this is dark
then it's lighter pink white lighter
pink and back to dark her green I smile
a little blush so yeah anyway
oh those just oh okay thanks for
watching guys so like I said before
music i favorited all of my clay videos
that I put up on the old channel that I
used to use but I'll be putting up like
a lot more clay videos and every type of
project but I make videos now so it will
just be clay if you guys you know want
to check those out too that'd be cool so
thank you for watching and I will just
see you guys next update sort of bye
guys
thank